right this is our second preview video
for frozen signups the first one we did
focused pretty much just on the AI but
what we wanted to do is give people a
bit more of a general overview of the
gameplay and show you where some of the
depth and strategic fun comes from in
this fantastic innovative sci-fi
strategy game hello everyone okay if you
haven't played a simultaneous turn-based
strategy game before the most common of
which would be laser squad nemesis I'll
give you a quick rundown of how the game
works so it's a multiplayer tactical
game basically and instead of taking
turns one off the other which you see in
normal things like XCOM to both players
take the turns at the same time and then
the results are played out together so
in sort of normal term based games I
might move my guy here and then my
opponent might move himself here and
then
I like move myself over here so that's a
normal turn-based game but in a cylinder
turn-based game like this most people
make their plans at the same time not
having the sois idea what the other
person is doing and then he was ups or
executed together and then it goes on
and on and on so that's what a
simultaneous turn-based game is frozen
synapse is meant to be a game where
almost every turn is meaningful it
really frustrates me in games where most
of the time you're just sort of doing
the rope things and the person who wins
is often won the first couple of turns
or one wins in the last turn and what I
really wanted is for every single turn
to be fun and for the person who's the
best tactics in any turn even if they've
got like a numerical disadvantage can
win so I'm going to talk to you about
the rules now that clear that was very
clear good I'm going to talk to that the
rules of this game now so we have
several quite a few units in phone slaps
and teams can be sort of five or six or
seven units large but at the moment
we're just going to show you one versus
one so this is the bad guy team too it's
the good guy team won and these are both
machine gunners just think of them as
you know commandos guys fighting in
close combat in ruined cities with
machine guns basically so we don't have
health bar is the first deployed a thing
about frozen design apps because I find
help ask my point then so in this game
one shot kills one accurate shot kill so
I'm figuring I'd ever kill if we get
some the bad guy to look in the wrong
direction over here and we're going to
come out through and we're going to look
this window we're gonna shoot
I need that so the rules are basically
trying to be a similar to real life form
as possible so in fact if we allow the
enemy to look in the right direction as
well we're still going to win because
we're popping up behind a window we're
behind cover and he's standing out in
the open now if he runs behind this box
and looks at us he's behind cover two
now he's gonna win this and the reason
for that is that he gets time to prepare
I'm moving into seeing him but he's
standing still so he wins this and phone
snaps all about these match opportunity
it's all about having to use the terrain
and having to predict what your opponent
is going to do and having to gamble the
right stage so what I want to show in
this video really is how many different
things can happen in the same turn and
we've had an example here but he can
come out in the bikinis going to beat us
like this right yes so if we do
something slightly differently and we go
and we look to this window we get a bead
on him because he's not looking at us so
a slightly different plan and everything
has changed and that's really the core
of frozen Silas we want it to be the
best tactics and for tactics field to
the other tactics that we have to be
predicting what your phone is going to
do the entire time so this can really go
on to the nth degree how many different
ways can play along it's an expecting
that exactly I remember the whole core
of simultaneous come basis that you
don't know what your opponent is doing
and you have to guess if this guy's a
chicken he can go behind us box and you
can dock to to survive another day
where is he he's behind the box but he
can't see him so this is really want to
show you do you have any questions for I
actually don't because I'm sick of this
game now you're sick of it um something
I wanted to say as well we mentioned
this in the other video what we have
here is its kind of wacky placeholder
and sort of test start all together
we're having some new concepts are we've
actually had some some new art through
today which I'm hoping to put up on our
site soon on or more DB page as well so
you can check that out you want to see
what the game is going to look like and
kind of my job is to take this game plan
then really add in some like noise this
will stuff on top that will make it
really rewarding every time you get a
kill we're looking at various ways of
doing that but I hope you can see from
this exactly what we've been aiming for
which is to make a meaningful tactical
game where if you plan out the positions
of your units where they're going to
move having move it really makes a
proper difference to the gameplay so we
hope you enjoy that and you've enjoyed
this little brief look into the world of
frozen systems goodbye